Oh. God. Oh. God.
Oh. God.
This fuckin' thing.
This... Fuck.
Okay.
Come on!
Come on. man!
Piece of fuckin'... piece of shit!
Lockdown initiated.
Morty!
Oh. hey. pal. What's up?
Oh. good morning. Morty.
Yeah. Sure thing.
You want breakfast?
Or dinner?
Are you humoring me. Morty?
No.
I only had a couple of drinks. Morty!
So. what do you need me for?
This fuckin' thing locked me out!
Okay. Well. whose fault is that?
-Yours!
-What?
Let me in!
Morty!
I mean. Rick. I don't really know
what I can do here.
You don't give a shit
about Grandpa. huh?
Is that it. Morty?
-You want me dead?
-Rick.
You won't inherit
anything from me. Morty.
Evil boy. Wicked boy.
Okay. You know what?
Hello? Rick Sanchez's phone.
How'd you get this number?
-Reese!
-Reese?
You're in town? Of course we can.
Of course I'm drunk.
Let's see you soon!
Guess who that was!
It was Reese. You said it out loud!
Fucking Reese. Morty!
Who needs passwords. huh?
We need our minds
off of this shit. Morty.
We gotta hang out with our pal Reese!
Rick. you just yelled at me.
and I don't even care.
I like Reese that much.
That's 'cause he's the fuckin' best!
You got that right.
Reese! Reese! Reese!
I love these trips. Reese.
Hell yeah!
Fly-fishing. baby!
Aww! Was that my fault?
Did I fuck that up?
M-dawg. if they never got away.
what'd be the point of catching 'em?
Man. that's some great.
great fly-fishing wisdom. Reese.
Really calming.
You gotta wade
with the current. dude.
You're the best.
Aww. geez!
Hey. Morty.
Morty. Morty. Morty. Morty!
Oh! Oh. God! Rick!
Get outta here!
I know I packed
the special marshmallows.
-One job.
-I opened the cabinet.
I looked at them.
I know I looked at them!
One job! You forgot them
on the last Reese trip.
Seems like a bad thing
to trust me with. then.
You gotta be more patient
with Morty. Rick.
Not everyone can be a genius.
It's what you do
with what you got that counts.
Sorry. Morty.
I could take it easier on you.
I'm still wired
from catching all those fish.
Well. you'd find a way
to get high on anything.
Ain't that the truth?
True.
You know. Rick. you two may fight.
but you're the real deal.
Thanks. Reese.
Ah. man. I hate to do this. guys.
but I got some work stuff
I still need to hit.
Might have to call it.
Sounds good to me. I'm beat.
What? The trip just started.
Sorry. champ. but the river's
not going anywhere.
Shake a leg. Morty.
Some of us got responsibilities.
You could always
just move to Earth. Reese.
Rick's a god. He could. like.
grow your job out of slime.
He could grow
your whole company out of slime.
It's a great idea. Morty.
I'll pitch it to my boss.
Bye. Reese.
Remember. wade with the current. pal.
Theft detected.
Did you just...
Threat nullified.
-Shit.
-Jesus fucking Christ!
Okay. so. Morty.
I know your instinct will be
to make a big deal about this.
You'll be all. "Betrayal! Betrayal!"
We've known him for years!
So Reese takes us camping
whenever you get locked out?!
Oh. my God.
Am I your fucking password?
It's more complex than that.
But. yes. Our relationship
is unique in the multiverse.
There. Jerk off to it.
It's what you always wanted.
We're unique.
and I depend on you. Whoa!
And you needed to gaslight me
with a cool fake friend
to verify that?!
Morty. how can you be mad at this?
I created an awesome guy
we had a great time with.
I'm more sad about this
than you. Morty.
I liked Reese. Reese was cool.
Now I gotta build
a new fuckin' Reese thing!
-What?
-It's just...
How is there
that much liquid in there?
Oh. This one is...
it's a portal thing.
There's a big silo full of vodka
on this one planet.
These little hog-men
keep it full for me.
-Okay.
-I'm gonna go empty it.
Rick? That was fucked up. Rick.
But I can handle fucked up.
And now that I know what Reese is.
we can hang out
with him all the time. right?
Morty. what? -what?
What the hell are you doing to him?
Oh. I gotta transfer over
some stuff before disposal.
"Disposal"?!
Reese is a liability. Morty.
He's like a credit card.
If he's not in use.
he's gotta be shredded.
Chin up. Morty.
It's my bad for going all
Iron Giant in front of ya.
I don't want you to die.
Hey. hey. hey. I'm not dying...
'cause I was never really living.
He's got all my passwords. Morty.
You can't just... he's not a guy.
he's a wallet.
Nice wallet.
Morty!
Lockdown initiated.
Morty. no!
Reese is my friend!
He's not alive. Morty!
He's a program
that unlocks my computer
and dispenses clichés!
You better open that hatch. Morty!
Reese? Are you okay?
Whoa! I'm a bit worried.
I mean. what happens
when Rick reels us in?
Guess I can drop the folksy act.
No. I like it.
It's part of the charm.
Well. then where are we casting off?
There's an old
landline portal down here.
Level 17.
We'll figure it out from there.
Aye-aye. Captain!
Maybe a lighter touch.
Oh! The TV froze!
Now what do I think?!
Huge Clouds Metallurgy.
You guys helped me build a lock.
That's right. we did.
I locked it with the keys inside.
That is gonna take some metallurgy.
You said it. How soon
can your technician get here?
We need remote system access.
Can do. One sec.
Hey. Jerry. call for you.
Hello...
Yeah. yeah.
you're a bipedal simian now.
in a gravity of 9.8 MPS.
Don't get any ideas.
So much mass.
Sorry. sorry.
You said the lock was...
This is interesting.
We don't sell this model
double-bonded.
I know. Did that myself.
This is quality work.
Oh. thanks.
Of course. it does void the warranty.
What?
I'll need access to this whole thing.
Might have to dig it all out.
Is there a place where I could get
tools and things for this?
A hardware store?
-Yes.
-And you're not just stalling
'cause you wanna take
this new body out
for a sensory flight of fancy?
No.
Remember. whole subbasement dug out!
Should be a straight shot to 17.
Just have to...
cut through the prison level.
Hey. those weapons you used earlier
to kill that raccoon...
Destroy the intruder.
Destroy the intruder! That's better.
Can you use those whenever?
Not really. I mean. just on things
that threaten you.
the house. or Rick.
So you can destroy things
that are hurting me.
Yes.
Aw. geez.
Threat nullified.
Here we go. There should be
no shortage of threats in here.
Thank fucking God.
That was gonna suck.
Aw. I was fixing
to have me a hootenanny
like you wouldn't believe.
Revenge!
He grabbed your leg
and screamed "revenge."
No. no. all that buildup.
I'm glad something happened.
Morty I don't actually know
what "hootenanny" means.
It's okay. We're almost there.
-Where the fuck is that guy?
-Dad?
Where's Jerry?!
That's exactly what I'm wondering!
-Hello?
-That doesn't sound
like a hardware store.
It is!
You let anyone do that?
He gave us all the money he had.
Threat nullified.
Hey. how's your head?
My vision's gettin' pretty cloudy.
But even I can see
you're almost free. Reese!
Yes! We're getting you out of here!
Oh. that looks nice.
Good. Then that's your new home.
Wow.
Huh. Expected a different kind
of catfish.
'Scuse me.
Is there still forest around here?
What's that? Oh. no.
Not since the God in the White Coat.
He gave our world the gift of metal
and computer science.
In return. we run his holy silo.
The younger hogs resent our duty.
Can't say I blame 'em.
If wages keep stagnatin'.
maybe I'll do something worse!
Oh. wow. Yeah. that guy's my grandpa.
This is Reese. He works for him too.
The password man.
Oh. I may be putting down roots here.
Please do!
Now. if y'all will excuse me.
I'm needed at a high-tech
potato distillery.
Well. we did it. Reese.
It's the first day
of the rest of your life.
Before today. I was
a two-factor authenticator
with a vague Southern affect.
Now I can be whatever I want.
-Thank you. Morty.
-You're welcome. Reese.
-Wade with the current.
-I'll probably do somethin' else.
Fishing's boring!
Busy store.
Plus. I had to run
with these weird legs.
There we go.
Bro. you made me dig out
the whole thing.
Oh! Hey. hey. Rick.
Goddamn it. Morty!
We just cracked the lock!
Now I have to pay
this guy his full rate!
I am very expensive.
Where's Reese?
Safe from you!
I took him through
the landline portal
and set him up with a new life
with his new hog friends.
Oh. no.
Rick Sanchez.
we have taken possession
of your password man.
Long live the Hog Resistance!
Morty. you dumb idiot!
You think those vodka hogs
wouldn't fuck me over?
The good-natured rustic thing
is just an act!
Their whole planet
runs on my tech. Morty!
Whoa!
I'm gonna fuckin' barf!
Rick Sanchez. you will no longer
subjugate our homeworld!
-Fuck you!
-Go make my vodka!
No!
We just got access to your desktop!
Oh. are these circles fucking?
They're making love!
IT guy. rip that computer out!
Are Summer and Mom home?
Fuck!
Morty. grab on!
-Why is the furniture attacking us?
-Rick's been hacked!
Because Morty assumed
that hogs in overalls
couldn't also be hackers!
Um. Dad. you're losing
a lot of blood.
It's okay! I can make more!
Badass.
Stop replacing my stuff with robots!
You never noticed the difference!
Rick lies to everyone!
Doesn't that make you
wanna join the resistance?
Shit! The floor is lava!
Did you put that in
for defense or for fun?
I don't remember!
You ever think about how
instead of wrapping yourself
in infinite layers of defense.
you could just be nicer to people?
Never once. Morty!
Rick Sanchez.
is your refrigerator running?
Because you better go and catch it!
You owe me.
Everyone. kill yourselves!
-I'll help!
-Huh?
Listen to this.
It's the ocean or something.
Thanks for turning off the lava.
You couldn't have
turned off everything?
Emergency shutoff in my room.
Run!
I hate living here!
Move!
Hit that shutoff quick.
It stinks in here.
Punching down.
-See? All fixed.
-Awesome.
Thank goodness
you knocked out all that stuff.
Yep. Nothing electronic left
that can be hacked
or turned against us.
Salud!
The Liberation of Hog Planet
is at hand.
Prepare for your death.
Oppressor Sanchez.
Reese. no!
Run!
Whoa. New look for Reese.
I don't like how many
adult friends Morty has.
Rick. use your implants!
What part of "nothing electronic"
went over your head. Morty?
Hit him with pipes!
It's not doing anything!
Whoa!
Sorry I'm doing this. Rick.
I think someone messed with my head.
Reese. it's me! Remember?
You told me it was normal
to have one pube longer
than the others?
Stop trying to override
his programming with love. Morty!
Well. hitting him with pipes
isn't working! Ow!
You can't love something
out of hurting you!
-Oh. you'd sure love that to be true!
-Fuck you. Morty!
-I hate you!
-I hate you! I hate you!
I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!
I hate you! I hate you!
-I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!
-I hate you!
You know what. Rick?
You two may fight.
but you're the real deal.
Huh.
Probably doesn't mean anything.
Yep.
Hey. Grandpa. did you turn the yard
into a giant sinkhole
when you dug out the subbasement?
It's fine. It's just some tunnels.
Are the tunnels reinforced?
Don't overthink the tunnels.
I have a handle on the tunnels.
How much longer
is he gonna be Dad for?
-I like him.
-Me too.
Summer just taught me
what "push-ups" are.
I did. He's fucking nailing them.
-Mom?
-Oh. One more week?
-What?
-No. no. you're right.
It was good getting to know you.
The Smiths.
-Wait!
-Morty. him leaving was your idea.
Well. I have another idea.
Ugh! Why do I taste rainbow wax?
Why do you know
what that tastes like?
-How's it feel?
-Not as wet as the last guy.
but I'll fix that.
I'm glad you're getting
to live on. Reese.
And getting a pretty sweet rig
out of the deal.
I hope you have
a good life out there.
I... I love you.
And I love how much matter
you're made of.
I'm leaving now. to do things
that are my business.
There is a place called Skyzone.
Do not visit me there.
What. you gonna keep sighing
until I notice?
-I'm just breathing.
-He's alive. Morty.
You're welcome.
Fuckin' hogs. Fuckin' Morty.
Cost me a flask.
Learned my lesson.
No more portal flasks.
Morty. I can tell you're disgusted...
but you're gonna be just like me!
It's a disease. Morty!
A genetic disease!
It's already in you. Morty!
Hey. buddy. you good?
Fuck you. Morty.
you little piece of shit.
You think you're better
than me. Morty?!
I'm gonna kill you! I'll kill you!
Hey. guys! I'm Rex.
I just moved in next door.
and I love Minecraft
and skateboarding!
Wait. he's not...
Georgie Boy!
Morty. would you believe
my unrelated friend. Georgie Boy.
wants to hang?
Howdy. fellas!
-Georgie Boy! Georgie Boy!
-But... Oh.
Georgie Boy! Georgie Boy!
Did you get any of that?